README.md, before:

[![Tsoding](https://img.shields.io/badge/twitch.tv-tsoding-purple?logo=twitch&style=for-the-badge)](https://www.twitch.tv/tsoding)
# ROSC Trophy Room

On the Real Open Source Contribution (ROSC) series we are trying to
take an Open Source project that I personally use on a daily basis and
improve it. The goal is to implement a feature and actually make it
into the upstream source code of the project.

## Minetest

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/in%20progress-blue?style=for-the-badge)

Minetest, an open source infinite-world block sandbox game engine with
support for survival and crafting.

- **Source Code**:
  - https://github.com/minetest/minetest
- **Feature**:
  - https://github.com/minetest/minetest/issues/3075
- **VODs**: https://www.twitch.tv/collections/xVYmyadKzBUYWQ

## GRUB 2

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/paused-grey?style=for-the-badge)

A Multiboot boot loader.

- **Source Code**:
  - https://www.gnu.org/software/grub/grub-download.html
  - https://github.com/tsoding/grub-gamepad
- **Feature**: [Gamepad Support](https://steamcommunity.com/groups/steamuniverse/discussions/0/558751660797029626/)
- **VODs**: https://www.twitch.tv/collections/qhijEFrmqRUFvA
- **Status**: Feature successfully implemented. GRUB developers
  acknowledged its existence. No progress so far.
- **Trophy**:
  - https://lists.gnu.org/archive/html/grub-devel/2019-09/msg00038.html

## MyPaint

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/paused-grey?style=for-the-badge)

A simple drawing and painting program.

- **Source Code**: https://github.com/mypaint/mypaint
- **Feature**: [Selection Tool](https://github.com/mypaint/mypaint/issues/31)
- **Status**: Codebase is in a very bad state. Put on hold. Might come
  back later.

## Chatterino 2

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/success-green?style=for-the-badge)

Custom Twitch chat client

- **Source Code**: https://github.com/Chatterino/chatterino2
- **Feature**: [Emote Preview](https://github.com/Chatterino/chatterino2/issues/976)
- **Status**: Contribution Merged
- **Trophy**:
  - https://github.com/Chatterino/chatterino2/pull/1091

## Teeworlds

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/success-green?style=for-the-badge)

A retro multiplayer shooter.

- **Source Code**: https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds
- **Feature**: [Gamepad Support](https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/issues/40)
- **Status**: Contribution Merged
- **Trophy**:
  - https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/pull/2047

Commit message:

[Minetest] add trophy and update status

README.md, after:

[![Tsoding](https://img.shields.io/badge/twitch.tv-tsoding-purple?logo=twitch&style=for-the-badge)](https://www.twitch.tv/tsoding)
# ROSC Trophy Room

On the Real Open Source Contribution (ROSC) series we are trying to
take an Open Source project that I personally use on a daily basis and
improve it. The goal is to implement a feature and actually make it
into the upstream source code of the project.

## Minetest

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/inconclusive-grey?style=for-the-badge)

Minetest, an open source infinite-world block sandbox game engine with
support for survival and crafting.

- **Source Code**:
  - https://github.com/minetest/minetest
- **Feature**:
  - https://github.com/minetest/minetest/issues/3075
- **VODs**: https://www.twitch.tv/collections/xVYmyadKzBUYWQ
- **Status**: Bug is fixed, but I'm dissatisfied with the solution.
- **Trophy**:
  - https://github.com/minetest/minetest/pull/9073

## GRUB 2

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/paused-grey?style=for-the-badge)

A Multiboot boot loader.

- **Source Code**:
  - https://www.gnu.org/software/grub/grub-download.html
  - https://github.com/tsoding/grub-gamepad
- **Feature**: [Gamepad Support](https://steamcommunity.com/groups/steamuniverse/discussions/0/558751660797029626/)
- **VODs**: https://www.twitch.tv/collections/qhijEFrmqRUFvA
- **Status**: Feature successfully implemented. GRUB developers
  acknowledged its existence. No progress so far.
- **Trophy**:
  - https://lists.gnu.org/archive/html/grub-devel/2019-09/msg00038.html

## MyPaint

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/paused-grey?style=for-the-badge)

A simple drawing and painting program.

- **Source Code**: https://github.com/mypaint/mypaint
- **Feature**: [Selection Tool](https://github.com/mypaint/mypaint/issues/31)
- **Status**: Codebase is in a very bad state. Put on hold. Might come
  back later.

## Chatterino 2

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/success-green?style=for-the-badge)

Custom Twitch chat client

- **Source Code**: https://github.com/Chatterino/chatterino2
- **Feature**: [Emote Preview](https://github.com/Chatterino/chatterino2/issues/976)
- **Status**: Contribution Merged
- **Trophy**:
  - https://github.com/Chatterino/chatterino2/pull/1091

## Teeworlds

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/success-green?style=for-the-badge)

A retro multiplayer shooter.

- **Source Code**: https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds
- **Feature**: [Gamepad Support](https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/issues/40)
- **Status**: Contribution Merged
- **Trophy**:
  - https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/pull/2047
